okay ready I would like to see you
dating some of Charlie's Angels it's
nice to be last time you're here
you were just about to go on like your
summer hiatus you haven't figured out
what you're gonna do what did you do
I went to Spain what I did a film in
Spain we worked okay and then I also did
some promotion for the good doctor
gotcha oh they had a good doctor in
Spain it's made it that I did some talk
shows which were were interesting thanks
to you or because of me
what do you mean what does that mean
well I told you this story last time or
a lot all the time before in strictest
confidence so cool about when I was in
Spain on my year abroad I made up that I
had a Spanish grandmother in order to
ingratiate myself with the locals I said
that she came from this village called
patina so I go along to this torture and
they say well we've seen you on jimmy
kimmel and you made up that you had a
Spanish grandmother which is you think
that was acceptable and then they played
back the clip of you calling fat potato
a sack of potatoes I try to defend you
when I said that he loved potatoes I do
it was a big compliment to you loved
sack falls off potato I likes actually
all sorts of stuff - yeah I did my best
and they didn't it didn't work it well
ultimately they were just messing with
me because when I went on and sort of
sat down and was discussing it more the
mayor of that potato was on skype and
gave me a certificate to be the adopted
son of potato Wow
so you are now part of their big sack of
potatoes that's not as well if you want
hey I need to ask you about something
because then I'm sure you're aware of
this you know this show the masked
singer which is a truly ridiculous show
a lot of people think this is you this
is a ice cream the character and there
are a bunch of weird reasons why they
think this is you is it you I mean of
course that's not me why do they think
it looks like me well I don't know they
thought they thought they were clues
like from being at Charlie and the
Chocolate Factory the Chocolate on your
head yeah one of them they're it's a
stretch the costume just outside
you're not the mass singer I'm not
you're not but you enjoy the controversy
about people wondering maybe I think I
was the mystery voice on a radio show
once back in the UK what was the radio
station called magic one oh 5.40 you
guys have those too
and so they're like one person one like
well-known person said magic one other
one said 105 and then there was me point
four cuz I was only like 12 years old at
the time and the first two were guests
like very very quickly so oh they have
to guess which celebrity so the people
that were actually select 40 some
well-known people were guests and then
they were just like who and earth is
this person like is it a woman and it
went on for weeks and then it was
supposedly me but I didn't hear about it
otherwise I could have said oh that's me
and got loads of money oh yeah sure you
were to work maybe yeah being ice cream
is me getting my own back on intake
105.5
the new season of the good doctor
premiere tonight and in this season your
character is dating which is is that
does that make it more fun yes I guess
yeah it's sort of the same as like
Charlie's Angels question
but yes it's exciting what do you like
to do on a date what is your was your ID
like if you were to go on a date where
you work up in in Vancouver right
someone shoots a show North American
dating in general is very different from
the UK it's tiny
well I just find it quite baffling it in
in the UK it's very clear when you're
going on a date uh-huh because it's in
the evening and it's like dinner or I
was gonna say disco but like isn't that
we don't go to people don't go to some
sort of obvious date activity whereas in
North America in Vancouver they're like
hey do you want to go kayaking and then
you just think you're going kayaking
with a friend and then it ends up being
obviously this is very personal to me
yeah very worked up about it but even
you go to a sports game and you you know
they get the jumbotron on and you're
meant to kiss the person that you're
with that's right
and you just think you're going to see a
sports game converted into this public
day yeah have you been put on the kiss
cam it's my biggest fear just all but
guarantees you're going on the kiss cam
right all over again there's another
sack of potatoes coming your way thank
you for confiding it yeah and I think we
all appreciate it the show is called the
good doctor you watching Monday nights
10 o'clock here at ABC Freddie Highmore
everybody
if you liked that video click the
subscribe button but only if you're
ready for commitment